log.md, before:

# History

## Failed

Tried using geminai, got error for country limit, back to vertexAI

Tried using simpleaudio to play audio from WAV

Not enough RAM on WSL to load BUS.json

Tried playsound package, did not work

<!-- PyAudio is too system specific and I can't get it working on WSL, but working now as WSL need to install pause audio -->

Langchain chroma vertex store demo on OpenAI, failed to replicated on Vertex AI

## Done

Prototype on langchain document load

Tested google vertex ai chat api

Tested google vertex Ai TTS <!-- Written 1/10/2024 -->

Wroking pyaudio audio player

Tested Vector DataStore with Chroma

## TODO

Langchain document use wth Vertex AI <!-- Written 1/10/2024 -->

Try MongoDB Atlos with langchain because BUS.json is a MongoDB from thid party API

Find sutable google speach to text API  

Localise Vertex AI DB from Chroma

Test Google Cloud MatchingEngine for vectorStore

## 1/10/2024 - Log Submission

### 1/10/2024 - Done

Tested google vertex Ai TTS
Prototype on langchain document load

### 1/10/2024 - TODO

Langchain document use wth Vertex AI

Commit message:

remove ipykernal as it crashes every timg

log.md, after:

# History

## Failed

Tried using geminai, got error for country limit, back to vertexAI

Tried using simpleaudio to play audio from WAV

Not enough RAM on WSL to load BUS.json

Tried playsound package, did not work

<!-- PyAudio is too system specific and I can't get it working on WSL, but working now as WSL need to install pause audio -->

Langchain chroma vertex store demo on OpenAI, failed to replicated on Vertex AI

Failed ipykernal, keeps crashing causing data to not be displayed, debugged for a few days

## Done

Prototype on langchain document load

Tested google vertex ai chat api

Tested google vertex Ai TTS <!-- Written 1/10/2024 -->

Wroking pyaudio audio player

Tested Vector DataStore with Chroma

Verified Data are loaded into chroma db with vertexex

## TODO

Langchain document use wth Vertex AI <!-- Written 1/10/2024 -->

Try MongoDB Atlos with langchain because BUS.json is a MongoDB from thid party API

Find sutable google speach to text API  

Localise Vertex AI DB from Chroma

Test Google Cloud MatchingEngine for vectorStore

Figure out why Vertex ai cannot find the revelent documents in the db

Possabele make interface with tkinger as most source code is in python(Eaier then port to React JS as web interface)

Look into other possable ai

Figure out why can't the google vertex ai embedding supported model be used.

Make tk user interface prototype

Merge sing27's source code to the user interface.

Try clone google demo

## 1/10/2024 - Log Submission

### 1/10/2024 - Done

Tested google vertex Ai TTS
Prototype on langchain document load

### 1/10/2024 - TODO

Langchain document use wth Vertex AI
